Create README.md (#11)
eclipse-pde/eclipse.pde.build: README.md

Moved to https://github.com/eclipse-pde/eclipse.pde
===================================================

The content of this repo has been moved to https://github.com/eclipse-pde/eclipse.pde by merging both master branches together.

> This repository is therefore obsolet for any new developments, it is still available to document the developments which went into oder releases via the maintenance branches.

Reviewer: `older`?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is therefore obsolete for any new developments, it is still available to document the developments which went into older releases via the maintenance branches.
```
